this is normal I don't know what's
happening I move this son you can hear
some
but
see no radio stations nothing
can see okay now i want to try to put
some music on my laptop
but volume is
it's not working not working you can see
my computer is playing some music I know
I can hear anything now it's on
No
it works sometimes yes
continuing on singing for the Kings
linking cool part like your series about
the relation
the moment is working working
number six all night see in membership I
want to hear my laptop at all yes actual
Ranger make the quantity yeah my lots of
business relation safety power no he's
not working at all
okay now is does the music from my
laptop now
I don't know what's happening
now is working
so what's happening
Josie
may I help you can come painting